**BILL TO:** Graduate Student Leaders

**FROM:** James Hammer, President

**RE:** Amend Code of Laws to increase elected representation 

**DATE:** July 9, 2013

**ID:** 20130709-01

I ask for approval of the following:

To amend the GSL Code of Laws from:

> *(In Article 1:)*

> * Four additional LEADERS, appointed by the DMS Department Chair each year.

> *(In Article 2:)*

> * Once a final list of nominees is determined, all DMS graduate students may vote their approval for up to two candidates amongst all nominees.
> * The candidate receiving the most votes of approval becomes President, and the candidate receiving the second most votes of approval becomes Vice President.

To read:

> *(In Article 1:)*

> * Four additional LEADERS.

> *(In Article 2:)*

> * Once a final list of nominees is determined, all DMS graduate students may vote their approval for up to four candidates amongst all nominees.
> * The candidate receiving the most votes of approval becomes President, the candidate receiving the second most votes of approval becomes Vice President, and the candidates receiving third and fourth most votes become Leaders.
> * The other two Leader positions are filled by appointment by the DMS Department Chair.

### Activity

* 2013-07-09
    * James Hammer submits bill for consideration and motions to open floor for discussion.
    * Steven Clontz seconds.
* 2013-07-27
    * James Hammer calls for the question.
    * James Hammer votes YES.
* 2013-07-28
    * Italo Lima votes YES.
* 2013-07-29
    * Glenn Hughes votes YES.
    * Steven Clontz votes YES.
    * Bin Yeh votes YES.
* 2013-08-07
    * Jessica Xie votes YES.
    * The bill is passed by 2/3 majority and is amended into the Code of Laws.